Just the two of you.
Fight to the death in this octagonal dragon
I can collect the body of the loser
The winner leaves.
You have walnuts, don't even think about it.
Aren't you afraid of the consequences of my mother knowing?
I'm going abroad after this game
Am I afraid of your mother, the broken boxing champion?
I hate him now.
If it weren't for him, I would have married you long ago
I won't marry you
I wanted to marry you
Just to be the president of the Lou City Fight Club
Now you are nothing in my eyes
Bah you are delusional
The teacher can't see us
Will definitely come to us
You are dead.
Remind me
The game has to start soon.
Mr. Yao, take these two to the cage for me
Okay.
Brothers follow me
Have him
Sir?
Come on, come on
Lin Wenli
He Yan Jiangnan has been brought here by me
6 You did a good job
I'll be there soon.